[FEATURE] Use b.i.o. lib for vcf parsing. (#194)
seqan/iGenVar: CMakeLists.txt

set (FontBold "${Esc}[1m")
set (FontReset "${Esc}[m")

# Dependency: b.i.o.
find_package (bio QUIET REQUIRED HINTS lib/b.i.o./build_system)

> # # Dependency: SeqAn3. Will be found by b.i.o. aswell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dependency: SeqAn3 is found by b.i.o. as well.
```

add_library ("fastcluster" STATIC ${hclust_SOURCE_DIR}/fastcluster.cpp)
target_include_directories ("fastcluster" PUBLIC ${hclust_SOURCE_DIR})

# Dependency: BAMIntervalTree.
add_library ("bamit" INTERFACE)
target_include_directories ("bamit" INTERFACE lib/BAMIntervalTree/include/)

# Dependency: b.i.o.

> add_library ("bio" INTERFACE)
> target_include_directories ("bio" INTERFACE lib/b.i.o./include/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
find_package (bio QUIET REQUIRED HINTS lib/bio/build_system)
```

Author: Thsi ends up in an error aswell:
```bash
[ 82%] Building CXX object src/CMakeFiles/iGenVar_lib.dir/variant_detection/variant_output.cpp.o
/Users/lydia/Repos/iGenVar/src/variant_detection/variant_output.cpp:8:10: fatal error: bio/var_io/writer.hpp: No such file or directory
    8 | #include <bio/var_io/writer.hpp>        // for bio::var_io::header
      |          ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
compilation terminated.

```
Do I have to do something else?

Reviewer 2: Hm, this is strange, and it should definitely work. Can you try doing the find_package before SeqAn's find_package? In fact, you shouldn't need SeqAn's find_package, because bio already finds SeqAn3.
